README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">SDQCPy</h1>
<p align="center"><strong>SDQCPy: A Comprehensive Python Package for Synthetic Data Management</strong></p>

## Table of Contents

- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation) 
- [Usage](#usage)
    - [Demo](#demo)
    - [Data Synthesis](#data-synthesis)
- [Workflow](#workflow)
- [Support](#support)

## Features

SDQCPy offers a comprehensive toolkit for synthetic data generation, quality assessment, and analysis:

1. **Data Synthesis**: Generate synthetic data using various models.
2. **Quality Evaluation**: Assess synthetic data quality through statistical tests, classification metrics, explainability analysis, and causal inference.
3. **End-to-End Analysis**: Perform holistic analysis by integrating multiple evaluation methods to provide a comprehensive view of synthetic data quality.

## Installation
***You can install `SDQCPy` using pip:***

```bash
pip install sdqcpy
```
***Alternatively, you can install it from the source:***

```bash
git clone https://github.com/T0217/sdqcpy.git
cd sdqcpy
pip install -e .
```

## Usage

### Demo

You can use the following code to achieve the sequential analysis and store the results in a HTML file:

```python
from sdqc_integration import SequentialAnalysis
from sdqc_data import read_data
import logging
import warnings

# Ignore warnings and set logging level to ERROR
warnings.filterwarnings('ignore')
logger = logging.getLogger()
logger.setLevel(logging.ERROR)

# Set random seed
random_seed = 17

# Replace with your own data path and use pandas to read the data
raw_data = read_data('3_raw')
synthetic_data = read_data('3_synth')

output_path = 'raw_synth.html'

# Perform sequential analysis
sequential = SequentialAnalysis(
    raw_data=raw_data,
    synthetic_data=synthetic_data,
    random_seed=random_seed,
    use_cols=None,
)
results = sequential.run()
sequential.visualize_html(output_path)
```

### Data Synthesis

`SDQCPy` supports various methods, the implementation of these methods are using [`ydata-synthetic`](https://github.com/ydataai/ydata-synthetic) and [`SDV`](https://github.com/sdv-dev/SDV).

>   [!Tip]
>
>   ***We only display simple code here, and the parameters of each model can be further modified as needed.***

-   **YData Synthesizer**

    ```python
    import pandas as pd
    from sdqc_synthesize import YDataSynthesizer
    
    raw_data = pd.read_csv("raw_data.csv")  # Please replace with your own data path
    ydata_synth = YDataSynthesizer(data=raw_data)
    synthetic_data = ydata_synth.generate()
    ```
    
    >   [!WARNING]
    >
    >   ***In the latest version, [`ydata-synthetic`](https://github.com/ydataai/ydata-synthetic) has switched to using [ydata-sdk](https://github.com/ydataai/ydata-sdk). However, since synthetic data is only a supplementary feature of this library, it has not been updated yet.***

- **SDV Synthesizer**

    ```python
    import pandas as pd
    from sdqc_synthesize import SDVSynthesizer
    
    raw_data = pd.read_csv("raw_data.csv")  # Please replace with your own data path
    sdv_synth = SDVSynthesizer(data=raw_data)
    synthetic_data = sdv_synth.generate()
    ```

## Workflow
`SDQCPy` use the process shown below to perform the quality check and analysis:
```mermaid
---
title Main Idea
---
flowchart TB
	%% Define the style
	classDef default stroke:#000,fill:none

	%% Define the nodes
	initial([Input Real Data and Synthetic Data])
	step1[Statistical Test]
	step2[Classification]
	step3[Explainability]
	step4[Causal Analysis]
	endprocess[Export HTML file]

    %% Define the relationships between nodes
    initial --> step1
    step1 --> step2
    step2 --> step3
    step3 --> step4
    step4 --> endprocess
```

- **Statistical Test**
`SDQCPy` employs various methods for *descriptive analysis*, *distribution comparison*, and *correlation testing* tailored to ***different data types***.
- **Classification**
`SDQCPy` employs machine learning models(`SVC`, `RandomForestClassifier`, `XGBClassifier`, `LGBMClassifier`) to evaluate the similarity between the real and synthetic data.
- **Explainability**
`SDQCPy` employs several of the current mainstream explainability methods(`SHAP`, `PFI`) to evaluate the explainability of the synthetic data.
- **Causal Analysis**
`SDQCPy` employs several causal structure learning methods and evaluation metrics to compare the adjacency matrix of the raw and synthetic data. The implementation of these methods are using [`gCastle`](https://github.com/huawei-noah/trustworthyAI/tree/master/gcastle).
- **End-to-End Analysis**(named `SequentialAnalysis`)
To streamline the process of calling individual modules one by one, we have integrated all the functions. If you have specific needs, you can also use these functions along your lines.

## Support

Need help? Report a bug? Ideas for collaborations? Reach out via [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/T0217/sdqcpy/issues)

>   [!IMPORTANT]
>
>   ***Before reporting an issue on `GitHub`, please check the existing [Issues](https://github.com/T0217/sdqcpy/issues) to avoid duplicates.***
>
>   ***If you wish to contribute to this library, <span style="color: red;">please first open an issue to discuss your proposed changes.</span> Once discussed, you are welcome to submit a Pull Request.***

Commit message:

chore: update README with example results

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">SDQCPy</h1>
<p align="center"><strong>SDQCPy: A Comprehensive Python Package for Synthetic Data Management</strong></p>

## Table of Contents

- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation) 
- [Results Display](#results-display)
- [Usage](#usage)
    - [Demo](#demo)
    - [Data Synthesis](#data-synthesis)
- [Workflow](#workflow)
- [Support](#support)

## Features

`SDQCPy` offers a comprehensive toolkit for synthetic data generation, quality assessment, and analysis:

1. **Data Synthesis**: Generate synthetic data using various models.
2. **Quality Evaluation**: Assess synthetic data quality through statistical tests, classification metrics, explainability analysis, and causal inference.
3. **End-to-End Analysis**: Perform holistic analysis by integrating multiple evaluation methods to provide a comprehensive view of synthetic data quality.
4. **Results Display**: Store the results in a HTML file.

## Installation
***You can install `SDQCPy` using pip:***

```bash
pip install sdqcpy
```
***Alternatively, you can install it from the source:***

```bash
git clone https://github.com/T0217/sdqcpy.git
cd sdqcpy
pip install -e .
```

## Results Display

`SDQCPy` provides a `SequentialAnalysis` class to perform the sequential analysis and store the results in a HTML file.

[Sample Report](./Results%20Display/sample%20report.html)

![Sample Result](./Results%20Display/sample%20result.jpg)


## Usage

### Demo

You can use the following code to achieve the sequential analysis and store the results in a HTML file:

```python
from sdqc_integration import SequentialAnalysis
from sdqc_data import read_data
import logging
import warnings

# Ignore warnings and set logging level to ERROR
warnings.filterwarnings('ignore')
logger = logging.getLogger()
logger.setLevel(logging.ERROR)

# Set random seed
random_seed = 17

# Replace with your own data path and use pandas to read the data
raw_data = read_data('3_raw')
synthetic_data = read_data('3_synth')

output_path = 'raw_synth.html'

# Perform sequential analysis
sequential = SequentialAnalysis(
    raw_data=raw_data,
    synthetic_data=synthetic_data,
    random_seed=random_seed,
    use_cols=None,
)
results = sequential.run()
sequential.visualize_html(output_path)
```

### Data Synthesis

`SDQCPy` supports various methods, the implementation of these methods are using [`ydata-synthetic`](https://github.com/ydataai/ydata-synthetic) and [`SDV`](https://github.com/sdv-dev/SDV).

>   [!Tip]
>
>   ***We only display simple code here, and the parameters of each model can be further modified as needed.***

-   **YData Synthesizer**

    ```python
    import pandas as pd
    from sdqc_synthesize import YDataSynthesizer
    
    raw_data = pd.read_csv("raw_data.csv")  # Please replace with your own data path
    ydata_synth = YDataSynthesizer(data=raw_data)
    synthetic_data = ydata_synth.generate()
    ```
    
    >   [!WARNING]
    >
    >   ***In the latest version, [`ydata-synthetic`](https://github.com/ydataai/ydata-synthetic) has switched to using [ydata-sdk](https://github.com/ydataai/ydata-sdk). However, since synthetic data is only a supplementary feature of this library, it has not been updated yet.***

- **SDV Synthesizer**

    ```python
    import pandas as pd
    from sdqc_synthesize import SDVSynthesizer
    
    raw_data = pd.read_csv("raw_data.csv")  # Please replace with your own data path
    sdv_synth = SDVSynthesizer(data=raw_data)
    synthetic_data = sdv_synth.generate()
    ```

## Workflow
`SDQCPy` use the process shown below to perform the quality check and analysis:
```mermaid
---
title Main Idea
---
flowchart TB
	%% Define the style
	classDef default stroke:#000,fill:none

	%% Define the nodes
	initial([Input Real Data and Synthetic Data])
	step1[Statistical Test]
	step2[Classification]
	step3[Explainability]
	step4[Causal Analysis]
	endprocess[Export HTML file]

    %% Define the relationships between nodes
    initial --> step1
    step1 --> step2
    step2 --> step3
    step3 --> step4
    step4 --> endprocess
```

- **Statistical Test**
`SDQCPy` employs various methods for *descriptive analysis*, *distribution comparison*, and *correlation testing* tailored to ***different data types***.
- **Classification**
`SDQCPy` employs machine learning models(`SVC`, `RandomForestClassifier`, `XGBClassifier`, `LGBMClassifier`) to evaluate the similarity between the real and synthetic data.
- **Explainability**
`SDQCPy` employs several of the current mainstream explainability methods(`SHAP`, `PFI`) to evaluate the explainability of the synthetic data.
- **Causal Analysis**
`SDQCPy` employs several causal structure learning methods and evaluation metrics to compare the adjacency matrix of the raw and synthetic data. The implementation of these methods are using [`gCastle`](https://github.com/huawei-noah/trustworthyAI/tree/master/gcastle).
- **End-to-End Analysis**(named `SequentialAnalysis`)
To streamline the process of calling individual modules one by one, we have integrated all the functions. If you have specific needs, you can also use these functions along your lines.

## Support

Need help? Report a bug? Ideas for collaborations? Reach out via [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/T0217/sdqcpy/issues)

>   [!IMPORTANT]
>
>   ***Before reporting an issue on `GitHub`, please check the existing [Issues](https://github.com/T0217/sdqcpy/issues) to avoid duplicates.***
>
>   ***If you wish to contribute to this library, <span style="color: red;">please first open an issue to discuss your proposed changes.</span> Once discussed, you are welcome to submit a Pull Request.***
